Hometown
Fenglin Temple is broken
smell here
Push harder.
Go to the demon
Hua Jixiang is
Shangao Road Long
You can protect it for a while
Can't protect him forever
The unicorn bone on him will be mine sooner or later
Humph, see clearly
The unicorn bone is on me.
Come to me later
Ah, wrong.
I remember you boy
Give me the unicorn bone
I will spare you
Humph is not small
Huh?
Teacher, why is this weasel running away?
This is destined to be a rat
It has to be one of the five immortals in the Northeast, Wong Tai Sin
The Tang people also want to use the Netherworld Gate to open and improve their skills
You must be optimistic about the unicorn fruit.
Don't let them take it away
Otherwise we have no chance of winning
Master, what should he do?
Let him out and he'll die in one night
Make you too much
Sun Yufei alone won't let him go
You brought him home to the soul
What we do he calls security
I dare to beat him when I see him
If not for him
Yufei is still alive and well
What a nice girl
I hope he meets someone in the next life